{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green73\blue73;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red35\green255\blue6;\red24\green182\blue3;\red39\green73\blue255;
\red24\green185\blue3;\red44\green44\blue49;\red251\green0\blue96;\red16\green16\blue31;\red44\green44\blue49;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c37255\c35686\c35686;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c74653\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c40000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c75686\c0;\cssrgb\c22783\c22785\c25110;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c45098;\cssrgb\c7451\c8235\c16078;\cssrgb\c22745\c22745\c25098;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0                                     
\f1\b \ul            Business Of A Mobile Application\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 From just a communication tool to a highly effective business tool, mobile device has been evolved over the years. As technology is advancing at lightning speed,\'a0with that people are getting more addicted to mobile phones, tablets & other smart devices. The Importance of\'a0
\f2\i\b\fs18 \cf4 \strokec4 mobile apps in business
\f0\i0\b0\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0has climbed the ladder to the top rapidly in past few years. Mobile devices changed the way businesses work. High speed data access & excellent user experience are the keys to the high growth. Mobile apps made it easier for users to get any business information at their fingertip and stay connected to their favourite brands. That\'92s why a lot of businesses are taking their presence to mobile platforms.\
\

\f1\b \cf2 \cb5 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Types Of App:-\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf6 \cb7 \ulnone \strokec8 To build a successful mobile application, a robust app strategy is required so that the business can identify the purpose of the application and how it can help their users as well as their business growth.\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
It is always tough to decide whether your business needs a\'a0
\f1\b Mobile App Development
\f0\b0 \'a0or a\'a0
\f2\i\b\fs18 \cf4 \strokec4 Mobile Website Development
\f0\i0\b0\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf2 \strokec2 . Both of these are completely different from each other when it comes to target audience. A mobile website is just a mobile version of your business website, where anyone can browse your business information, on the other hand a mobile app can be helpful to increase your product visibility as well as sales.\
The next thing to consider will be the role of the app in your business. If it is holding a core position in your business, then the business should monetize the application.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb5 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Platform Selection:-\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf2 \cb3 \ulnone \strokec2 One of the biggest\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.apogaeis.com/blog/6-biggest-challenges-in-mobile-app-development/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf9 \strokec9 Challenge in Developing a Mobile Application}}\'a0is that the app market is widely fragmented. iOS and Android as primary options. While iOS powers iPhone, iPad; Android powers various devices. There are also many less famous platforms.\'a0\cf10 \strokec10 Usually, businesses choose any of these paths: iOS, Android or HTML5.
\f1\b\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf2 \cb5 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \ulnone \strokec2 iOS and Android are market leaders because they have a good number of user base. Android usually provide free apps, while iOS users are used to getting features at the expense of few dollars. If going for\'a0
\f2\i\b\fs18 \cf4 \strokec4 Android apps
\f0\i0\b0\fs19\fsmilli9600 \cf2 \strokec2 , then you need to make plans to make a profit out of that.\
Another option is HTML path. It supports any kind of smartphone. It is also a cross-platform option which businesses can focus and use some of the few services that can deliver different versions for different platforms.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa340\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf11 \cb5 \ul \ulc11 \strokec11 Here are the best 8 building websites:-\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl660\sa160\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.appmachine.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf12 \cb3 \ulnone \strokec12 AppMachine}}
\fs48 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf13 \cb3 \ulnone \strokec13 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs34 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \strokec2 AppMachine makes great software that allows everyone to build gorgeous apps. Its software empowers you to build native apps for iPhone and Android. Build an app for your own company, or use our software to serve the needs of your customers. AppMachine makes the creation of high-quality apps easy and affordable. The technology is available for everyone.
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf14 \strokec14 AppMachine is a codeless way to building a mobile app for businesses by using the platform\'92s visual interface. To create HTML5 or native mobile apps, there are number of pre-coded \'93building blocks\'94, 15 navigation templates and other design options.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl384\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs19\fsmilli9600 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb5 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \ulnone \strokec2 \
}